---


---

<h1 id="thrasher-update">Thrasher Update</h1>
<h2 id="content">Content</h2>
<p>Asked Christian to replace some code with tokens.  Some has already been done.  <code>Before Borders</code> has some tokens defined.  The tokens have a <code>&lt;small&gt;</code> tag in them to act as a watermark so we can easily see if the element is hard-coded or generated by the token.</p>
<p>These elements are getting replaced:</p>
<ul>
<li>Inline Inspection CTA: <strong>Already Replaced</strong> (check if any don’t have “watermark”)</li>
<li>Inline Inspection Form: <strong>To be replaced</strong></li>
<li>Inline Service Area Panel: <strong>To be replaced</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>Layout and other elements:</p>
<ul>
<li>Main layout styling has been brought over from old site. Didn’t take everything so there might be things I missed.</li>
<li>FAQs: hard-coded for now.  Have been styled and should work.</li>
<li>Video links: “play” icon has been set and should be showing over all video images</li>
<li>Footer office locations: currently hard-coded. Are we changing that to be dynamic?</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="links">Links</h2>
<p>Need to update all links to ensure they point to the proper page internally.  I already replaced the “Free Inspection” links, so those should be working.</p>
<h2 id="nav">Nav</h2>
<blockquote>
<p>Sometimes doesn’t work right in dev.  Some links point to page you’re on.  Works fine live.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>The main nav is hard-coded with <code>href</code>s for known pages using <code>[page_url:xxxxxx]</code> token.<br>
On mobile, there’s no expandability of menu items yet.  Need to get that added when I’m back.</p>
<p>Footer nav is configured in Nav Menus in the CMS.</p>
<h2 id="pages">Pages</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Free Inspection</strong>: Set it up but haven’t tested yet.</li>
<li><strong>Contact Us</strong>: Haven’t touched it yet.  Waiting to find out how we’re submitting this form.  Will style it then.</li>
<li><strong>Meet The Team</strong>: Enabled accordion view, but the styling and JS isn’t there yet.  Profile pages might need updating.</li>
<li><strong>Customer Resources</strong>: Link in top nav. Page not in page tree.  Either I deleted it by mistake or it never made it over.</li>
<li><strong>About Page</strong>: I’ll finish playing around with it on tues night.  Need to swap the table layout to another structure (already used in other parts of the site so just need to replace some markup).</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="other-stuff">Other Stuff</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Reviews</strong>: Once copied over we need to figure out how to display them.  Currently, their widget shows a different review each time a page loads and only 1 is displayed.  The layout is simple and can be easily made into a widget, but I’m not sure if we have the option of randomizing what reviews get displayed.</li>
<li><strong>Resources Panel</strong>: on bottom of most pages.  Currently hard-coded with what was brought over. Is styled as old site so should be good for now until we figure out what we’re showing there.</li>
<li><strong>Images</strong>: on some pages the images are really small and get pixelated when stretched.</li>
<li><strong>Search</strong>: Functinality should be working.  Need to style form on results page.</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="to-do">To Do</h2>
<ul>
<li>Go through content pages to see if anything is wierd</li>
<li>Check team member profile pages</li>
<li>Investigate anything mentioned above :)</li>
</ul>

